1. I receive training to do my job effectively
2. There is someone at work who encourages my development
3. I have been mentored at work
4. I have received fair consideration for advancement and promotion, when available, within the City of Tempe
5. I am aware of the City's educational partnerships, Tempe Professional Development Network, The Mentoring Program, and other programs related to professional development and career mobility
6. The City's programs related to professional development and career mobility, such as educational partnerships, Tempe Professional Development Network, etc., are useful to me
7. Overall, I am satisfied with the professional development opportunities that are available to me at the City
8. How could the City improve professional development and/or career mobility for employees?
9. The following adequately support my work-related needs:
9a. City Manager's Office
9b. Strategic Management & Diversity Office
9c. Human Resources
9d. Information Technology
9e. Risk Management/Worker's Compensation
10. The following programs/services adequately support my needs:
10a. The Wellness program
10b. City mediation services
10c. The Safe Haven process
11. Senior leadership in my department is demonstrating and communicating the same values that are expected of me
12. My physical work environment (building) is safe, clean and maintained in good operating order
13. Overall, I am satisfied with the support that is provided to employees by the City of Tempe
14. How could the City improve organizational support for employees?
15. My immediate supervisor treats me with respect
16. I know what is expected of me
17. I have the materials and equipment I need to do my job right
18. I am comfortable expressing my opinions about work related issues to my immediate supervisor
19. I believe my opinions seem to count
20. My work is appreciated by my immediate supervisor
21. My immediate supervisor gives me clear expectations for work assignments
22. My immediate supervisor makes good use of my time
23. I receive constructive feedback on my job performance from my immediate supervisor
24. The work I perform is evaluated fairly
25. My immediate supervisor knows my career/job goals
26. My immediate supervisor supports me in achieving my career/job goals
27. Within the last 30 days I have received feedback on my job performance from my supervisor
28. When I request training, my supervisor is open to working with me to ensure I could attend
29. Senior managers in my department listen to me
30. I believe senior managers in my department support decisions made by my supervisor
31. As a supervisor, I am supported when addressing staff issues
32. Conflict in my work area is resolved effectively
33. I believe assignments in my department are distributed fairly
34. I believe exceptional job performance is recognized appropriately by managers/supervisors in my work unit
35. I believe poor job performance is dealt with effectively by managers/supervisors in my work unit
36. As a supervisor, I have been given the training, tools, and resources to lead my work unit
37. I feel safe and comfortable in my work unit
38. My immediate supervisor has the tools to deal with conflict
39. Overall, I am satisfied with the working environment in my department
41. The City's health care plan meets my needs
42. The amount that I pay for health care benefits is reasonable
43. The City does a good job of informing me about my benefits
44. The amount of leave that I receive each year meets my needs
45. I think the amount I am paid is adequate for the work I do
46. I am satisfied with the City's deferred compensation benefits
47. Overall, I am reasonably compensated in pay and benefits for the work I do
48. How could the City improve compensation and benefits for employees?
49. I receive information that affects my work in a timely manner from my immediate supervisor
50. I can express my opinions about work related issues to my department management team
51. Communication between work units/divisions INSIDE my department is good
52. Communication between my work unit/division and work units/divisions OUTSIDE my department is good
53. With respect to my job, communication between departments is good
54. I have adequate input on decisions affecting my work
55. Senior managers in my department use input from employees to make decisions
56. I am encouraged to be innovative and come up with better ways to do things at work
57. Employees in my department are highly motivated about accomplishing our goals
58. Overall, I am satisfied with the level of employee engagement in my Department
59. How could the City improve employee engagement for employees?
60. My co-workers treat me with respect
61. Conflict between co-workers is resolved effectively
62. Overall, I am very satisfied with the quality of peer relationships among City employees
63. How could the City improve peer relationships among employees?
64. Are you aware of the Council priorities and the City's Strategic Plan (Planning Process)?
65. Are you proud to work for the City of Tempe?
66. Overall, how satisfied are you with your current job?
67. How has the quality of the work environment in your department changed since you started working for the City of Tempe?
68. Would you recommend the City of Tempe as a place to work to a friend or relative?
69. Does the City's working environment and leadership encourage you to go above and beyond the minimum effort that is required for your job?
70. Would like to finish your career with the City of Tempe?
71. Have you applied for a new position within the City of Tempe in the past two years?
